UG Instructors: Add Create Session Link for Students (#16)
CATcher-org/catcher-org.github.io: ug/instructors.md

    2. The name of the repository that each phase is to utilize.
  * Example https://github.com/CATcher-org/public_data/blob/master/settings.json

#### Profile repository
* Suggested name: `client_data`

This repository must contain a **`profiles.json`** file.

> * **`profiles.jsonn`**

Reviewer: There is a typo here.

  * Must contain the following information:
  1. Profile Name

>   2. Name of Settings repository

Reviewer: Indent this to look nicer.

  This must be a public repo with write access given to students.
* A repo to hold bugs for tutors to moderate e.g., `module-org/pe-moderation`<br>
  This can be a private repo with write access given to tutors.
  

## Creating a session link for students

A list of profiles can be modified in the Profile repository. 

> To create a session link, add the name of the session after this url: `https://catcher-org.github.io/CATcher/?session=`. This profile name must correspond exactly to the profile name in Profile repository. 

Reviewer: Should we mention that the instructor need to do url-encoding of the name of the session? Also should we put an example using something like `https://catcher-org.github.io/CATcher/?session=CS2103%2FT%20Alpha%20Test` for `"CS2103/T Alpha Test"`?

Author: Yes, good idea

> Students can access the session link to apply the corresponding session to the field if the profile name is valid from the list of profiles. Students can then click the Submit button to enter the session specified without selecting from the dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the profile name is valid (found in profile.json), the corresponding session will automatically be selected. Students can then click the Submit button to enter the session specified without selecting from the dropdown.
```
Not sure if this will sound better.

Author: Rewrote to ```
If the profile name is valid, students can access the link to select the corresponding session automatically. Students can then click the Submit button to enter the intended session without selecting from the dropdown.
```

  This must be a public repo with write access given to students.
* A repo to hold bugs for tutors to moderate e.g., `module-org/pe-moderation`<br>
  This can be a private repo with write access given to tutors.
  

## Creating a session link for students

A list of profiles can be modified in the Profile repository. 

To create a session link, instructors will need to encode this url `https://catcher-org.github.io/CATcher/?session=PROFILE_NAME` where `PROFILE_NAME` is the profile name of the session. This profile name must correspond exactly to the profile name in the Profile repository. 

For example, for profile name `"CS2103/T Alpha Test"`, the url will be `https://catcher-org.github.io/CATcher/?session=CS2103%2FT%20Alpha%20Test`.

> If the profile name is valid, students can access the link to select the corresponding session automatically. Students can then click the Submit button to enter the intended session without selecting from the dropdown.

Reviewer 2: Let's add a modifier on **Submit** to highlight its semantics, maybe bold

I think md files also need a trailing newline as convention? can double check that

Author: Thanks, 

Also seems like it's not a md file convention but a general convention for text files https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/18789
